evaluations/openbrush_2_takahser.md, before:

# Evaluation

- **Status:** In Progress
- **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/openbrush.md
- **Milestone:** 2
- **Kusama Identity:** Address
- **Previously successfully merged evaluation:** -

| Number | Deliverable | Accepted | Link | Evaluation Notes |
| ------ | ----------- | -------- | ---- |----------------- |
| 0a. | License |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[LICENSE](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/74524fb06a788aae011c3213561038a66ed7cac5/LICENSE)|MIT License|
| 0b.  | Documentation |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Macros](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs), [Documentation](https://supercolony-net.github.io/openbrush-contracts/index.html)|<ul><li>all macros have extensive documentation</li><li>new features are documentated</li><li>the Rust code examples on the documentation fail to execute</li></ul>|
| 0c. | Testing Guide |<ul><li>[] </li></ul>|[Macros](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs), [Examples](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples), [Integration tests](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests)|<ul><li>Macros include executable code examples as part of the comments</li><li>Various examples exists, e.g. for psp22, psp721 access control, ownable psp1155 tokens, reentrency guards, pausable contracts, timelocks, payment splitters</li><li>Integration tests exist. Since I was [unable to setup a node](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node/issues/75) I wasn't able to run them though.</li><li>Unit tests are failing on my machine.</li></ul>|
| 1. | Remove boilerplate code |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[`#[brush::contract]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L15), [`#[brush::trait_definition]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L173)|<ul><li>Boilerplate was drastically reduced using Macros</li></ul>|
| 2. | Derive for storages	 |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Derive macro rule](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush_derive_macro/lib.rs#L11), [Helper macro rules](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/macros.rs)|<ul><li>A [Rust Procedural Derive Macro](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html#derive-macros) was created for [storages](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush_derive_macro/lib.rs#L11)</li></ul>|
| 3. | Support default implementation in external traits |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[`#[brush::trait_definition]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L173)|<ul><li>implemented</li></ul>|
| 4. | Support of modifiers |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[`#[brush::modifier_definition]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L204), [`#[brush::modifiers]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L336)|<ul><li>implemented</li></ul>|
| 5. | ReentrancyGuard |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/security/reentrancy-guard), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/reentrancy-guard), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/reentrancy_guard.tests.ts)|<ul><li>implemented</li></ul>|
| 6. | Implement additional useful contracts |<ul><li>[X] </li></ul>|<ul><li>PaymentSplitter: [Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/finance/payment-splitter), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/payment-splitter), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/payment-splitter.tests.ts)</li><li>TimelockController: [Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/governance/timelock-controller), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/timelock-controller), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/timelock-controller.tests.ts)</li><li>Pausable: [Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/security/pausable), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/pausable), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/pausable.tests.ts)</li></ul>|Implemented various contracts:<ul><li>PaymentSplitter</li><li>TimelockController</li><li>Pausable</li></ul>|

## General Notes

- documentation and delivery documents partially lack in writing quality which makes them hard to understand
- Unit tests were failing at first but now work after the [patch](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/592b4c7b5129fafc227ef603bb8b96e1dab0eb68) was pushed. I recommend setting up a CI workflow and integrate it with Github to prevent this situation from happening again, e.g. using [Github Actions](https://dev.to/bampeers/rust-ci-with-github-actions-1ne9).
- I wasn't [able to setup a node](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node/issues/75) hence I wasn't able to run the integration tests
- the Rust code examples on the documentation fail to execute

Commit message:

updated unit test section since they pass now

evaluations/openbrush_2_takahser.md, after:

# Evaluation

- **Status:** In Progress
- **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/openbrush.md
- **Milestone:** 2
- **Kusama Identity:** Address
- **Previously successfully merged evaluation:** -

| Number | Deliverable | Accepted | Link | Evaluation Notes |
| ------ | ----------- | -------- | ---- |----------------- |
| 0a. | License |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[LICENSE](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/74524fb06a788aae011c3213561038a66ed7cac5/LICENSE)|MIT License|
| 0b.  | Documentation |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Macros](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs), [Documentation](https://supercolony-net.github.io/openbrush-contracts/index.html)|<ul><li>all macros have extensive documentation</li><li>new features are documentated</li><li>the Rust code examples on the documentation fail to execute</li></ul>|
| 0c. | Testing Guide |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Macros](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs), [Examples](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples), [Integration tests](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests)|<ul><li>Macros include executable code examples as part of the comments</li><li>Various examples exists, e.g. for psp22, psp721 access control, ownable psp1155 tokens, reentrency guards, pausable contracts, timelocks, payment splitters</li><li>Integration tests exist. Since I was [unable to setup a node](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node/issues/75) I wasn't able to run them though due to [this issue](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node/issues/75#issuecomment-912337823). However, semuelle confirmed that they do run on his machine.</li><li>Unit tests are all passing</li></ul>|
| 1. | Remove boilerplate code |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[`#[brush::contract]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L15), [`#[brush::trait_definition]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L173)|<ul><li>Boilerplate was drastically reduced using Macros</li></ul>|
| 2. | Derive for storages	 |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Derive macro rule](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush_derive_macro/lib.rs#L11), [Helper macro rules](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/macros.rs)|<ul><li>A [Rust Procedural Derive Macro](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/procedural-macros.html#derive-macros) was created for [storages](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush_derive_macro/lib.rs#L11)</li></ul>|
| 3. | Support default implementation in external traits |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[`#[brush::trait_definition]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L173)|<ul><li>implemented</li></ul>|
| 4. | Support of modifiers |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[`#[brush::modifier_definition]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L204), [`#[brush::modifiers]`](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/utils/brush/proc_macros/lib.rs#L336)|<ul><li>implemented</li></ul>|
| 5. | ReentrancyGuard |<ul><li>[x] </li></ul>|[Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/security/reentrancy-guard), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/reentrancy-guard), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/reentrancy_guard.tests.ts)|<ul><li>implemented</li></ul>|
| 6. | Implement additional useful contracts |<ul><li>[X] </li></ul>|<ul><li>PaymentSplitter: [Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/finance/payment-splitter), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/payment-splitter), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/payment-splitter.tests.ts)</li><li>TimelockController: [Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/governance/timelock-controller), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/timelock-controller), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/timelock-controller.tests.ts)</li><li>Pausable: [Implementation](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/contracts/security/pausable), [Example](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/examples/pausable), [Integration test](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/blob/783406805c4ef86176d4a3500db6840c5b7f059a/tests/pausable.tests.ts)</li></ul>|Implemented various contracts:<ul><li>PaymentSplitter</li><li>TimelockController</li><li>Pausable</li></ul>|

## General Notes

- documentation and delivery documents partially lack in writing quality which makes them hard to understand
- Unit tests were failing at first but now work after the [patch](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/592b4c7b5129fafc227ef603bb8b96e1dab0eb68) was pushed. I recommend setting up a CI workflow and integrate it with Github to prevent this situation from happening again, e.g. using [Github Actions](https://dev.to/bampeers/rust-ci-with-github-actions-1ne9).
- I wasn't [able to setup a node](https://github.com/paritytech/canvas-node/issues/75) hence I wasn't able to run the integration tests
- the Rust code examples on the documentation fail to execute
