deliveries/blackprint_js-milestone-1.md, before:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmNYaoCgrxyhzgoKQ0ynQvnNRoTmgApz9NrMp-hd8mhIiO0A/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**

* **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/blackprint-js.md
* **Milestone Number:** 1

**Context**

This milestone delivers some functionality for [Blackprint](https://github.com/Blackprint) for connecting to parachain's network, listening for new heads/blocks, import mnemonic/seeds, encrypt/decrypt data, and sign/verify data.

**Deliverables**

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | License | [LICENSE](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/LICENSE) | MIT License |
| 0b. | Documentation | 1. [Examples](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/tree/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example) <br> 2. [Guide for importing the module and load examples](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/README.md) | Inline documentation is provided for nodes that being delivered for this milestone. |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | [Guide](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/README.md#development) | `npm i & npm run build-prod & npm test` |
| 0d. | Docker | [Test files](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/tree/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests), [GitHub Action](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/actions/workflows/build.yml) | To run the test manually, please follow the instruction on the `README.md`. For manual UI testing, you can use the example provided for each deliverable nodes below. |
| 1. | HTTP & WebSocket node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/ws-http-connection.json) <br> 2. [Connection/HTTP](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Connection/HTTP.js) <br> 3. [Connection/WebSocket](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Connection/WebSocket.js) <br> 4. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/http-and-ws-provider.js) |  |
| 2. | Event node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/ws-event-new-blocks.json) <br> 2. [Events/Blocks](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Events/Blocks.js) <br> 3. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/event-new-heads.js) | Events can only be used if we connected to the network via WebSocket. |
| 3. | Mnemonic/seed importer node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/import-mnemonic.json) <br> 2. [Keyring/Create/Keypair](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Keyring/Create/Keypair.js) <br> 3. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/import-mnemonic.js) | Mnemonic/seed will be imported with Keypair nodes, and the keypair will be stored in the Keyring. |
| 4. | Encrypt, Decrypt node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/encrypt-decrypt.json) <br> 2. [Data/Keyring/Encrypt](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Keyring/Encrypt.js) <br> 3. [Data/Keyring/Decrypt](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Keyring/Decrypt.js) <br> 4. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/encrypt-decrypt.js) | For encrypting or decrypting data, we do need to use the Keypair. Private key can't be exposed from the keypair, but the public key is exposed as wallet address. |
| 5. | Sign, Verify node | 1. [Example: Sign with mnemonic](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/sign-verify-mnemonic.json) <br> 2. [Example: Sign with extension](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/sign-verify-extension.json) <br> 3. [Data/Sign](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Sign.js) <br> 4. [Data/Verify](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Verify.js) <br> 5. [Extension/Get/Signer](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Extension/Get/Signer.js) <br> 6. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/sign-verify.js) | Signer can be obtained from Keypair or Extension |
| 6. | Package | [NPM Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js) | Published: v0.2 |

**Additional Information**

- The repository may contains some WIP nodes that being prepared for the next milestone and it may not have inline documentation, example, or unit test yet.
  - But, feel free to play around with the available nodes from the Blackprint Editor.
- You can load modules that have been published on NPM registry from the editor's menu.
- When importing any JSON example, it may contains module link that will be automatically loaded by Blackprint.
- Blackprint Editor is also still work in progress. If you try to open it on mobile, please turn your device to landscape mode. It's haven't perfect yet for small screen. But the editor may be better than programming in the text editor in small screen in the future.

Commit message:

Add testing guide in Blackprint's main repository

deliveries/blackprint_js-milestone-1.md, after:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmNYaoCgrxyhzgoKQ0ynQvnNRoTmgApz9NrMp-hd8mhIiO0A/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**

* **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/blackprint-js.md
* **Milestone Number:** 1

**Context**

This milestone delivers some functionality for [Blackprint](https://github.com/Blackprint) for connecting to parachain's network, listening for new heads/blocks, import mnemonic/seeds, encrypt/decrypt data, and sign/verify data.

**Deliverables**

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | License | [LICENSE](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/LICENSE) | MIT License |
| 0b. | Documentation | 1. [Examples](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/tree/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example) <br> 2. [Guide for importing the module and load examples](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/README.md) | Inline documentation is provided for nodes that being delivered for this milestone. |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | 1. [Guide](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/README.md#development) for the nodes <br> 2. [Guide](https://github.com/Blackprint/Blackprint/blob/2cbbc226dd550a10d48f49dbd8ddea2f6dc4e399/README.md#build-and-run-the-unit-test) for main [Blackprint](https://github.com/Blackprint/Blackprint)'s repository | Usually I made changes or improvement on the [Blackprint](https://github.com/Blackprint/Blackprint)'s main repository, if you see the tests was failing on the GitHub's Action please wait until I fix it before you pull it again. |
| 0d. | Docker | [Test files](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/tree/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests), [GitHub Action](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/actions/workflows/build.yml) | To run the test manually, please follow the instruction on the `README.md`. For manual UI testing, you can use the example provided for each deliverable nodes below. |
| 1. | HTTP & WebSocket node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/ws-http-connection.json) <br> 2. [Connection/HTTP](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Connection/HTTP.js) <br> 3. [Connection/WebSocket](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Connection/WebSocket.js) <br> 4. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/http-and-ws-provider.js) |  |
| 2. | Event node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/ws-event-new-blocks.json) <br> 2. [Events/Blocks](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Events/Blocks.js) <br> 3. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/event-new-heads.js) | Events can only be used if we connected to the network via WebSocket. |
| 3. | Mnemonic/seed importer node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/import-mnemonic.json) <br> 2. [Keyring/Create/Keypair](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Keyring/Create/Keypair.js) <br> 3. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/import-mnemonic.js) | Mnemonic/seed will be imported with Keypair nodes, and the keypair will be stored in the Keyring. |
| 4. | Encrypt, Decrypt node | 1. [Example](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/encrypt-decrypt.json) <br> 2. [Data/Keyring/Encrypt](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Keyring/Encrypt.js) <br> 3. [Data/Keyring/Decrypt](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Keyring/Decrypt.js) <br> 4. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/encrypt-decrypt.js) | For encrypting or decrypting data, we do need to use the Keypair. Private key can't be exposed from the keypair, but the public key is exposed as wallet address. |
| 5. | Sign, Verify node | 1. [Example: Sign with mnemonic](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/sign-verify-mnemonic.json) <br> 2. [Example: Sign with extension](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/example/sign-verify-extension.json) <br> 3. [Data/Sign](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Sign.js) <br> 4. [Data/Verify](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Data/Verify.js) <br> 5. [Extension/Get/Signer](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/src/Extension/Get/Signer.js) <br> 6. [Unit Test](https://github.com/Blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js/blob/ce4de7b316d864489d4f207144ea87e4310e4299/tests/nodes/sign-verify.js) | Signer can be obtained from Keypair or Extension |
| 6. | Package | [NPM Registry](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@blackprint/nodes-polkadot.js) | Published: v0.2 |

**Additional Information**

- The repository may contains some WIP nodes that being prepared for the next milestone and it may not have inline documentation, example, or unit test yet.
  - But, feel free to play around with the available nodes from the Blackprint Editor.
- You can load modules that have been published on NPM registry from the editor's menu.
- When importing any JSON example, it may contains module link that will be automatically loaded by Blackprint.
- Blackprint Editor is also still work in progress. If you try to open it on mobile, please turn your device to landscape mode. It's haven't perfect yet for small screen. But the editor may be better than programming in the text editor in small screen in the future.
