deliveries/milestone-delivery-template.md, before:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

> Only the GitHub account, which is responsible for the pull request of the accepted application is allowed to submit milestones. Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines!

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://forms.gle/8Wx7nxtq8fKrsuEz8) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **PR Link:** Please, provide a link to the initial accepted pull request of your application to the [Web3 Foundation Open Grants Program repository](https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program). 
* **Milestone Number:** The number of the milestone

Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which should be used for testing.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | ... |...| ...| 
| 2.  | ... |...| ...|

Commit message:

Setheum Delivery Milestone 1 - The SERP Modules
Setheum Delivery Milestone 1 - The SERP Pallets

deliveries/milestone-delivery-template.md, after:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

> Only the GitHub account, which is responsible for the pull request of the accepted application is allowed to submit milestones. Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines!

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://forms.gle/8Wx7nxtq8fKrsuEz8) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **PR Link:** Please, provide a link to the initial accepted pull request of your application to the [Web3 Foundation Open Grants Program repository](https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program). 
* **Milestone Number:** The number of the milestone

Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which should be used for testing.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | Substrate module: `stp258` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/SERML/tree/main/serp-tes | The source code of The STP258 Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 2.  | Substrate module: `serp_tes` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/SERML/tree/main/serp-tes | The source code of The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Token Elasticity of Supply | 
| 3.  | Substrate module: `serp_market` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/SERML/tree/main/serp-market | The source code of The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Market |
