deliveries/ScoutCoinFabrik-1.md, before:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmNYaoCgrxyhzgoKQ0ynQvnNRoTmgApz9NrMp-hd8mhIiO0A/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/Support%20Docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/ScoutCoinFabrik.md 
* **Milestone Number:** 1

**Context** (optional)
In this delivery we provide a curated list of smart contract vulnerabilities in substrate ink!, code snippets and examples for these vulnerabilities and Proof of Concept detectors showing the feasibility of our security analysis tool.

**Deliverables**

> Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which will be used for testing. If you don't provide a commit hash, we will work off the default branch of your repository. Thus, if you plan on continuing work after delivery, we suggest you create a separate branch for either the delivery or your continuing work. 
> 
> If there is anything particular about any of the deliverables we or a future reader should know, use the respective `Notes` column.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | ... |...| ...| 
| 2.  | ... |...| ...| 

**Additional Information**
> Any further comments on the milestone that you would like to share with us.

Commit message:

Partially completed delivery template.
Missing documentation report and article.

deliveries/ScoutCoinFabrik-1.md, after:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmNYaoCgrxyhzgoKQ0ynQvnNRoTmgApz9NrMp-hd8mhIiO0A/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/Support%20Docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/ScoutCoinFabrik.md 
* **Milestone Number:** 1

**Context** (optional)
In this delivery we provide a curated list of smart contract vulnerabilities in substrate ink!, code snippets and examples for these vulnerabilities and Proof of Concept detectors showing the feasibility of our security analysis tool.

**Deliverables**

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | License | https://github.com/CoinFabrik/web3-grant/blob/main/LICENSE | MIT | 
| 0b. | Documentation |...| We provide a report, listing relevant security issues introduced in smart contracts developed with ink!. This will include a summary of findings and how the results were procured, a detailed description of each vulnerability/best practice, and links to the code that exemplifies them. | 
| 0c. | Testing and Testing Guide | - |No tests for our PoC where produced at this stage. |
| 0d. | Docker | - | Does not apply at this stage. |
| 0e. | Article | ... | We uploaded to our blog a report summary.|
| **1** | Research | https://github.com/CoinFabrik/web3-grant/tree/main/curated-list-of-vulnerabilities | We produced a curated list of vulnerabilities, best practices, and enhancements related to smart contracts written in ink!, considering the list of [analysis categories](https://blog.coinfabrik.com/analysis-categories/) currently used for our manual smart contract audits. |
| **2** | Development | https://github.com/CoinFabrik/web3-grant/tree/main/vulnerabilities | We produced code examples and snippets of smart contracts written in ink! for each type of vulnerability from the list mentioned in 1. Research. |
| **3** | Development | https://github.com/CoinFabrik/web3-grant/tree/main/detectors| Proof of concept code detecting some (relevant) issues included in the list of vulnerabilities and best practices. |


**Additional Information**

Find our projects' repo at:
https://github.com/CoinFabrik/web3-grant
