deliveries/setheum_milestone_1.md, before:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

> Only the GitHub account, which is responsible for the pull request of the accepted application is allowed to submit milestones. Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines!

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://forms.gle/8Wx7nxtq8fKrsuEz8) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **PR Link:** [Setheum Network Grant Request #70 :pencil:](https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/pull/70)
* **Milestone Number:** Milestone 1

Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which should be used for testing.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | Substrate module: `stp258` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/Setheum/tree/master/pallets/stp258 | The source code of The STP258 Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 1b. | Unit Tests: `stp258` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/Setheum/blob/master/pallets/stp258/src/tests.rs | The unit tests for The STP258 Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 2.  | Substrate module: `serp_tes` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/Setheum/tree/master/pallets/serp-tes | The source code of The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Token Elasticity of Supply | 
| 2b. | Unit Tests: `serp_tes` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/Setheum/blob/master/pallets/serp-tes/src/tests.rs| The unit tests for The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Token Elasticity of Supply | 
| 3.  | Substrate module: `serp_market` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/Setheum/tree/master/pallets/serp-market | The source code of The SERP-Market Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Market| 
| 3b. | Unit Tests: `serp_market` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/Setheum/blob/master/pallets/serp-market/src/tests.rs | The unit tests for The SERP-Market Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Market |

Commit message:

added test_guide and renewed links to new repos

deliveries/setheum_milestone_1.md, after:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

> Only the GitHub account, which is responsible for the pull request of the accepted application is allowed to submit milestones. Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines!

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://forms.gle/8Wx7nxtq8fKrsuEz8) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **PR Link:** [Setheum Network Grant Request #70 :pencil:](https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/pull/70)
* **Milestone Number:** Milestone 1

Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which should be used for testing.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 1. | Substrate module: `stp258` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/stp258/tree/v0.5.3 | The source code of The STP258 Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 1b. | Unit Tests: `stp258` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/stp258/blob/v0.5.3/src/tests.rs | The unit tests for The STP258 Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 1c. | Test Guide: `stp258` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/stp258/tree/v0.5.3#test--build | The test guide for The STP258 Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 2.  | Substrate module: `serp_tes` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/serp-tes/tree/v0.5.3 | The source code of The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Token Elasticity of Supply | 
| 2b. | Unit Tests: `serp_tes` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/serp-tes/blob/v0.5.3/src/tests.rs| The unit tests for The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Token Elasticity of Supply | 
| 2c. | Test Guide: `serp_tes` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/serp-tes/tree/v0.5.3#test--build | The test guide for The SERP-TES Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat | 
| 3.  | Substrate module: `serp_market` pallet | hhttps://github.com/Setheum-Labs/serp-market/tree/v0.5.3 | The source code of The SERP-Market Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Market| 
| 3b. | Unit Tests: `serp_market` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/serp-market/blob/v0.5.3/src/tests.rs | The unit tests for The SERP-Market Pallet, the Setheum Elastic Reserve Protocol - Market | 
| 3c. | Test Guide: `serp_market` pallet | https://github.com/Setheum-Labs/serp-tes/tree/v0.5.3#test--build | The test guide for The SERP-Market Pallet, the Setheum Tokenisation Protocol to Fiat |
