deliveries/societal-grant-2-milestone-2.md, before:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmNYaoCgrxyhzgoKQ0ynQvnNRoTmgApz9NrMp-hd8mhIiO0A/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  



* **Application Document:** [Societal Application](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/societal_grant2.md) 
* **Milestone Number:** 2



## Deliverables


| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | License |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/LICENSE)| Apache 2.0 license included. |
| 0b. | Documentation |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/README.md) | Readme document contains instructions on how to run and deploy societal front-end. All unit test have been included in the submission and can be run using: `yarn test` . |
| 0c. | Testing Guide |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/docs/DemocracyTestingGuide.md)| Guide on how to test Assets Pallet Lockable/Reservable traits using the Societal client. |
| 0d. | Docker |[Docker Image](https://hub.docker.com/layers/societal/societal-client/da970f384c893cbac9f537b52535f7b5880e609b/images/sha256-2634da97a130abe3ce0ae3db18c73061f6374c7b0b889781d7d4d15ef8dc17be?context=explore)| Dockerfile found at Societal's docker hub. The tag information is as follows: **docker pull societal/societal-client:da970f384c893cbac9f537b52535f7b5880e609b**. Please refer to the [Run in Docker](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client#run-in-docker) section of the README to run with the **da970f384c893cbac9f537b52535f7b5880e609b** tag specified. |
| 0e. | Article |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-node/tree/release/democracy) |  A [Medium article](https://medium.com/@societal.xyz/societals-second-web3-foundation-grant-completed-82691b906117) that explains how to use and interact with the Reservable & Lockable Asset Pallet via Societal UI.  |  
| 1. | Client Modules | [Societal Client Web Application](https://client.dev.sctl.link) | Use the Societal Client Web Application(deployed to dev environment) and follow the [Testing Article](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/docs/DemocracyTestingGuide.md) on how to interact with the web application and test the main delivery of this milestone. |
| Note | Substrate Module: Reservable & Lockable Asset Pallet |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-node/tree/release/democracy) | The custom substrate assets pallet in this repo from the Milestone 1 submission will allow any user to use Lockable/Reservable traits similar to the native balances pallet.  |

Commit message:

*using node-indexer docker-compose-full.yml as a reference

deliveries/societal-grant-2-milestone-2.md, after:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmNYaoCgrxyhzgoKQ0ynQvnNRoTmgApz9NrMp-hd8mhIiO0A/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  



* **Application Document:** [Societal Application](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/societal_grant2.md) 
* **Milestone Number:** 2



## Deliverables


| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | License |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/LICENSE)| Apache 2.0 license included. |
| 0b. | Documentation |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/README.md) | Readme document contains instructions on how to run and deploy societal front-end. All unit test have been included in the submission and can be run using: `yarn test` . |
| 0c. | Testing Guide |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/docs/DemocracyTestingGuide.md)| Guide on how to test Assets Pallet Lockable/Reservable traits using the Societal client. |
| 0d. | Docker |[Docker Images](https://hub.docker.com/u/societal)| Docker images provied by Societal's docker hub. Please refer to the [Run in Docker](https://github.com/sctllabs/node-indexer/blob/release/democracy/README.md#run-in-docker) section of the README to run the whole application. |
| 0e. | Article |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-node/tree/release/democracy) |  A [Medium article](https://medium.com/@societal.xyz/societals-second-web3-foundation-grant-completed-82691b906117) that explains how to use and interact with the Reservable & Lockable Asset Pallet via Societal UI.  |  
| 1. | Client Modules | [Societal Client Web Application](https://client.dev.sctl.link) | Use the Societal Client Web Application(deployed to dev environment) and follow the [Testing Article](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-client/blob/main/docs/DemocracyTestingGuide.md) on how to interact with the web application and test the main delivery of this milestone. |
| Note | Substrate Module: Reservable & Lockable Asset Pallet |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/societal-node/tree/release/democracy) | The custom substrate assets pallet in this repo from the Milestone 1 submission will allow any user to use Lockable/Reservable traits similar to the native balances pallet.  |
| Note 2 | Node Indexer Module |[GitHub repo link](https://github.com/sctllabs/node-indexer/tree/release/democracy) | Subsquid node indexer solution storing custom data offchain and providing GraphQL API for querying data.  |
