deliveries/stone-index-on-substrate_milestone_1.md, before:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

> ⚡ Only the GitHub account, which is responsible for the pull request of the accepted application is allowed to submit milestones. 
> 
> Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines! Lines starting with `>`, such as this one, can be removed.

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdSqj2vYjvpiIytkjcc40Pwl0Eg76WGUAq5L9e8eFuuOegmLw/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/stone-index-on-substrate.md 
* **PR Link:** https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/pull/190
* **Milestone Number:** 1

> Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which will be used for testing. If you don't provide a commit hash, we will work off the default branch of your repository. Thus, if you plan on continuing work after delivery, we suggest you create a separate branch for either the delivery or your continuing work. 
> 
> If there is anything particular about any of the deliverables we or a future reader should know, use the respective `Notes` column.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | Apache | [Apache License](https://github.com/stonedefi/stone-index-substrate-ui/blob/master/LICENSE)| ... |
| 1. | UI/UX for Stone Platform |https://github.com/stonedefi/stone-index-substrate-ui|For the usage guide, please see details Tuturial.md in /tutorial folder| 
| 2. | Indexed basket management |https://github.com/stonedefi/stoneindex-node| The app document is updated in README.md| 
| 3. | DEX integration | https://github.com/stonedefi/stoneindex-node/tree/master/pallets/swaps-integration-demo| ...|

Commit message:

Update with more documents
Including the testing guide and tutorial

deliveries/stone-index-on-substrate_milestone_1.md, after:

# Milestone Delivery :mailbox:

> ⚡ Only the GitHub account, which is responsible for the pull request of the accepted application is allowed to submit milestones. 
> 
> Don't remove any of the mandatory parts presented in bold letters or as headlines! Lines starting with `>`, such as this one, can be removed.

**The [invoice form :pencil:](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdSqj2vYjvpiIytkjcc40Pwl0Eg76WGUAq5L9e8eFuuOegmLw/viewform) has been filled out correctly for this milestone and the delivery is according to the official [milestone delivery guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/General-Grants-Program/blob/master/grants/milestone-deliverables-guidelines.md).**  

* **Application Document:** https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/blob/master/applications/stone-index-on-substrate.md 
* **PR Link:** https://github.com/w3f/Open-Grants-Program/pull/190
* **Milestone Number:** 1

> Please provide a list of all deliverables of the milestone extracted from the initial application and a link to the deliverable itself. Ideally all links inside the below table should include a commit hash, which will be used for testing. If you don't provide a commit hash, we will work off the default branch of your repository. Thus, if you plan on continuing work after delivery, we suggest you create a separate branch for either the delivery or your continuing work. 
> 
> If there is anything particular about any of the deliverables we or a future reader should know, use the respective `Notes` column.

| Number | Deliverable | Link | Notes |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |------------- |
| 0a. | Apache | [Apache License](https://github.com/stonedefi/stone-index-substrate-ui/blob/master/LICENSE)| ... |
| 0b. | Documentation | We provides different kinds of documents, starts from inline documentation of the code to setup and deployment docs, Testing Guide and etc.   | ... |
| 0c. | Testing Guide | [Testing Guide](https://github.com/stonedefi/stone-index-substrate-ui/blob/master/tutorial/TestingGuide.md)| ... |
| 0d. | Article/Tutorial | [Tutorial](https://github.com/stonedefi/stone-index-substrate-ui/blob/master/tutorial/Tutorial.md)| ... |
| 1. | UI/UX for Stone Platform |https://github.com/stonedefi/stone-index-substrate-ui|For the usage guide, please see details Tuturial.md in /tutorial folder| 
| 2. | Indexed basket management |https://github.com/stonedefi/stoneindex-node| The app document is updated in README.md| 
| 3. | DEX integration | https://github.com/stonedefi/stoneindex-node/tree/master/pallets/swaps-integration-demo| ...|
